please Mr. Minister
Do you think it is overdone when you look for
40 billion euros a year
punctuality expected
one of my predecessors nothing
obviously began before
decades to borrow money
a few billion not because we
broke
we wanted more prosperity more
geopolitical influence a modern one
army
not a single cent we have until today
why the sum of the
interest paid exceeds by now
far as we have borrowed
proportionality in the lexicon under v
After baby punctuality beat this time
after a quarter of our tax revenues
go for interest on it
we are overindebted as with the
smoke
Everyone knows that it is unhealthy, but
ignore the danger there will be us
always new loans raised only around
to be able to pay old interest on debt
nice circulation
That can only be done in a global one
This is the end of the wave of bankruptcies
however, even countries like this one
alleged economic powers decide
over the people in the interest of those
who lend them the money
Incidentally, I would like to know that's it
Our country will not make any new loans
record basta impressive lecture
among us Christians for the accrued
I have a solution in the old interest
testament found
Moses brought interest from Mount Sinai
law with that dictates
Everyone owes every seventh year
enact
it must have an end
the 80 million people work around
the prosperity of an eccentric
to fund family clans
admirable her courage these things
to be so clear by the name
Mr. Minister but how do you want yours
Landlords explain that they
hopelessly in debt before nothing
there are no pension
health insurance no
Unemployment Benefit No home allowance
Max
Do not break my head
they look like a little boy that the
believe in the easter bunnies and the dear ones
God loses the oldest and ingenious
conspiracy theory gods at all
people had the idea of ​​the social state
to protect the work population from
the capitalist
Unfortunately, the state is so expensive that
they have to borrow money from the deserving
wanted to protect the people
the cost will give sense as the bites
Social cat in the ass 30 hours ago
week or debt free they had the
choice
and just because she suddenly has one now
We should have enlightenment on our
wolfert you give up the money who
slide 10 and are supplement to the
stay alive he should be dying
blood come over her seal 18 verse 13
money against interest is supposed to stand there we stand
one of the satan's something of the koran
second search is well known to us
times have changed
Meanwhile, the church recognize the
interest
Also, please booker them
in this country is prohibited his money
to give child
then explain the mob in yours
the people who pay the 21 5 percent interest
gets his laboriously saved toads
the reason for the bankruptcy in your nation
should be
the media will say in unison like that
truth looks
a politician suffers
Loss of reality and it on the other hand
the republic's economic
to put death shock
be a real idealist he said
not very farsighted predecessors like
old he has become
I think that is still good man
what would we have done if he did
that would have come through
Well as always when a country on the ground
is
who do people choose prosperity
and work promises
do you know someone?